The trip was going to be Shiranna's first off world experience.  Every fiber in her being tingled with excitement.  Just the thought of leaving Earth both thrilled and terrified her, and she was going to be away for a long time, maybe forever.  An automated voice resounded above her from somewhere inside the space shuttle.
"Commencing acceleration phase in three... two... one."
Her heart stopped as the trailer-sized shuttle moved forward on the track without making a sound.  She took in a deep breath.
"You are eleven years old," she said to herself.  "You can do this."
She looked outside the space shuttle's window next to her seat and watched the local terrain pass by faster and faster as the space shuttle accelerated on the track.
"I'm doing it, mom.  I'll be with you soon," she said, trying to be brave as she faced the incredible incline off which she would be launched into outer space.  
She grabbed her P.A.I.R., Cheeky, and squeezed him between her arms.
"It Is Not Logical To Be Scared," Cheeky said, its sensors picking up the increased pace of Shiranna's heartbeat and the slight rise in her body temperature.  "Trips To The Space Station Are Successful 99.97 Percent Of The Time."
"Aw, so you do care!" Shiranna said.  She hugged her little P.A.I.R. even tighter.
"I Just Do What I Am Programmed To Do," Cheeky said.
Shiranna appreciated her aunt's parting gift now more than ever.  Cheeky had been the prototype for a series of custom-made robots at her aunt's factory.  
As head of the project, after Cheeky's successful demonstration before potential clients, her aunt had been given the P.A.I.R. or Personalized Artificially Intelligent Robot as a thank you for a job well done.  And her aunt had decided that no one she knew would be more capable of looking after the little robot than her.  She pressed her left cheek against Cheeky's warm fuzzy fur, keeping her eyes closed tight as the outside world became one massive blur.  Using its accumulated momentum, the space shuttle bulleted off the track and into Earth's orbit, leaving her home on Earth far behind.
After the g-force died down, Shiranna opened her eyes and looked outside her window.  She thought she was going to be able to see the entire planet from the space shuttle, but she was still too close to Earth.  Instead, she looked down upon a portion of a sphere.  It was a brilliant royal blue with areas of white and grey scattered throughout.  For the first few seconds, her eyes were glued to the spectacle.  She tried to recognize oceans and continents, but she wasn't sure over what part of Earth she was traveling.  Everything looked so different.  What's that? What's happening?  Her body had seemed to develop a life of its own.  Though seatbelts strapped her down to her chair, her body wanted to float. 
"System Is Malfunctioning!" Cheeky said.  He started floating towards the ceiling of the space shuttle.
"Cheeky!" Shiranna screamed.  She grabbed hold of her P.A.I.R.'s feet to prevent him from drifting off.  After she had made sure he was safe, she heard a rehearsed voice boom from the speaker system.
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.  As I am sure you have noticed, we have left Earth's atmosphere.  I would like to be the first to welcome you to outer space!  In a mere thirty-six hours, you will be aboard the ISS or Intersolar Space Station--the first wonder of the modern world!  For the rest of the journey, feel free to float about the cabin.  If at any time you believe yourself capable of sleeping and have the desire to do so, please strap yourselves into your seats as you are now.  This is for your own protection.  Everyone on this shuttle shares the final destination of the terraformed colony on Venus.  So, now would be a great time to start making new acquaintances.  I will be checking in every six hours to provide you with any updates.  However, we are expecting smooth flying from here on out."
Shiranna unbuckled her seatbelts.  As the last one clicked free, she joined Cheeky and floated with him in the middle of the cabin.
"Can you believe it, Cheeky?  We're flying!" she said.  Cheeky, who was upside down and engaging his thrusters to try and upright himself, did not seem to share her enthusiasm.
"Why Would I Not Believe It?" he asked.  He proceeded to do a number of somersaults as he adjusted to the lack of gravity.  Shiranna laughed.
"It's an expression, silly," she said.  A woman's voice spoke to her from behind.
"Is that your traveling companion?" the voice asked.  Shiranna jerked her head to the left.  She pushed off the side of the shuttle--trying to turn around--but she applied too much force and turned in two circles before she saw the lady floating with her son.
"Cheeky's my P.A.I.R.," Shiranna said, once she had stopped spinning.
"Oh, he looks like an owl," the woman said.
"P.A.I.R.s can look like anything you want them to," Shiranna said, well informed on the subject because of her aunt's work.  "They're custom-made."
"Isn't that nice," the woman said.  She placed her left hand on her son's shoulder.  "My name is Olivia Mosby, and this is my son--Adam.  Since you both look around the same age, I thought you would like to meet each other."  Shiranna looked at Adam.  His cheeks were flushed.
"Hi, Adam, my name is Shiranna," Shiranna said.  She pushed off her seat and reached out her hand for a handshake.  The action caused her to float forward.  She tried to grab hold of something to stop her momentum, but it was too late.  She was going to crash right into him!
"Whoa.  Hi," Adam said, as their bodies collided.  Now it was Shiranna's turn to have her cheeks flushed.
"Sorry," Shiranna said.
"It's Ok," Adam said.  He was about to say something else, but his mom interrupted him.
"I'm going to go make some new friends of my own," Mrs. Mosby said.  "You two have fun now."  Shiranna watched Mrs. Mosby propel herself away using one of the handrails on the ceiling.  She stared at Adam.  He looks like an owl too, she thought, noticing his round chubby cheeks.  She wondered what he thought she looked like.
"Your mom is nice," Shiranna said. Adam smiled.
"Where are your parents?" he asked. 
The question made her think of her mom.  One of three biochemists living in the terraformed colony on Venus, Shiranna hadn't seen her since she was six years old.  She still felt like she knew her, however, because her mom had recorded a lot of home videos.  In fact it was only because of the home videos that she had any memory of her father.  He had been lost during a space expedition when she was a baby.
"My mom's on Venus," Shiranna said.
An electronic buzz which ended in static rang in Shiranna's ears.
"What was that?" Adam said.
Shiranna glanced around the Cabin.  All of the adults had stopped talking.  Some wore worried looks on their faces.  Her instincts told her she should be scared.  Mrs. Mosby was on her way back when the captain started a new announcement.
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.  There is something I would like to discuss with all of the adults inside the cockpit.  We have run into an unusual problem."
Shiranna watched Mrs. Mosby glance at the cockpit and then back at Adam.  Mrs. Mosby looked confused.  After a brief pause, she headed toward the cockpit and became the last adult to enter inside its quarters.  The cockpit's door slid shut.  Shiranna's eyes narrowed.  She glanced at Adam.
"Well, come on," she said.  Adam looked even more confused than his mother.
"Come on and do what?" he asked.  Shiranna grabbed one of the handrails and started making her way to the cockpit's door.  Cheeky followed.
Shiranna said, "The captain said he wanted to speak with all of us inside the cockpit.  Hurry or we might miss something."  Adam was left floating behind.
He said, "The captain said he wanted to speak with all of the adults inside the cockpit."  Shiranna stopped and turned around.  She tried to make her face look as stern and adult-like as possible.
"There are nine people on this shuttle and that's including us.  The captain needs all the brain power he can get.  So, are you coming or not?"
"I guess..." Adam said.
When they arrived at the door, Shiranna tried to open it, but it was sealed shut.  
She looked at the touch-screen that was off to its right.  It had some sort of child-lock.  There were eight circles lined up in two rows, four circles for each row.
"Cheeky, what is this?" she asked.  A neon light shot out from Cheeky's eyes and examined the touch-screen.
"It Is A Puzzle," Cheeky said.  "Each Circle Represents A Phase Of The Moon As Seen From Earth.  If Placed In The Correct Order, The Door Will Open."
"What is the correct order?" Shiranna asked.
"Protocol Violation 4,326: Cheeky Is Programmed To Not Divulge Such Types Of Information For Safety Reasons," Cheeky said.  
Shiranna grabbed the circles with her forefinger and put them in random combinations, but nothing she tried worked.  She was about to give up when Adam said, "I think I can solve this."  Shiranna smiled at Adam, excited to find new value in their friendship.
"My dad once told me the moon goes through eight phases as its alignment with the Sun changes in the sky.  When it is invisible, the Moon is between the Earth and the Sun.  When you can see its entire front, the Earth is between the Moon and the Sun.  In the first situation the lit up side of the Moon is facing away from the Earth so you can't see it.  In the latter situation the entire front of the Moon is reflecting the Sun's light."  Shiranna was impressed.  She thought Adam sounded like an excerpt from a textbook.
"Cheeky," Shiranna said, "if Adam does something wrong, could you at least explain to him why it is not correct?"
"Yes, That Would Not Be A Violation Of My Protocol," Cheeky said.
"Alright, Adam," Shiranna said, "see what you can do."
The door slid open.  Every adult in the cockpit turned towards the entrance.  The seven adults were gathered in a circle and using the handrails on the ceiling to hold their bodies in place.  Shiranna inched her way forward.  It was crowded inside the cockpit, which was half the size of the main cabin, and the adults' icy stares became more intimidating as she moved in closer. 
She began to feel like maybe this wasn't such a great idea after all.  She looked over her shoulder.  Adam was waiting at the entrance.  He was watching his mom.  Cheeky was right behind her.  Thanks, Cheeky.  Encouraged by her little P.A.I.R., she faced the adults.
"Hi," Shiranna squeaked.
Some of the adults rolled their eyes, but Mrs. Mosby took her into her arms.  She wrapped them around her in a comforting hug.  The captain ignored her and continued speaking with the other adults.
"We believe the disruption of our communication and navigation systems has been caused by an enormous solar storm.  We are talking about something so massive in scale that the likes of which have never been seen before.  It has produced an intense magnetic field that has left us lost in outer space.  It is not unusual for these types of events to last for days or weeks even.  There is no chance of rescue.  Right now, we are drifting in a black ocean many times larger than the Atlantic and the Pacific combined.  We are on our own.  Unless we come up with a solution, this ship may very well turn into our final resting place."
Shiranna had become rigid.  Her entire body was frozen.  It was as if she was already dead and her limbs had been paralyzed by rigor mortis.  All she could think about was her father and how she might share his same fate.
"You're scaring her," Mrs. Mosby said.  Mrs. Mosby placed her hands on Shiranna's cheeks and looked into her eyes.  "Everything is going to be alright, Shiranna.  Nothing bad is going to happen to you," she said.
But Shiranna wasn't listening.  Her eyes had lost their luster.  She was trapped inside her mind, kidnapped by a nightmare from her past....
Bright red lights flashed all around her.  They made everything more difficult to see.
"Daddy!" she screamed.
A large man bumped into her, knocking her against a wall.  A sharp pain shot through her forehead.  She reached up and touched it.  It was bleeding, and a bump had already developed.  Dazed, she crumpled to her knees.
"Daddy," she whimpered.  She was fading in and out of consciousness.  A siren was blaring.  Strange, she thought, she hadn't noticed it before.  A warm hand wrapped itself around her hand which had been lying limp on the floor.  It was much bigger, more than twice the size of her hand.  The fingers were rough.  They were lined with calluses.
"I am here for you," a deep voice said.  "I will always be here for you."  Her father's face had become clear.  She saw the same hearty smile she had seen in her mother's home videos.  She squeezed his thumb.  It's warmth seemed to flow through her body.  A single tear rolled down her right cheek.  Something inside her knew what was about to happen next.  A black hole grew behind her father.  It began pulling him away.
"DADDY!" she screamed.
"Remember.  I am here for you--always," he said, before being sucked into oblivion.
Adam took hold of Shiranna's hand.  He squeezed it with his.  She found herself floating in a corner of the main cabin.  Cheeky hovered next to Adam.
"Is Shiranna Malfunctioning?" Cheeky asked.  Adam didn't answer.  Shiranna wiped her eyes with the back of her left hand.
"No, silly, I'm crying," she said.
Vigor restored, Shiranna led Adam and Cheeky back to the cockpit.  The captain raised his left eyebrow.  She thought his face showed a mix of a disapproval and concern.  Mrs. Mosby addressed her.
"You don't have to be a part of this.  We can handle everything that needs to be taken care of," she said.  Her face looked soft and sad.  Shiranna could tell she was less confident than she was attempting to lead on.  It was the thoughtful thing to do and what she had come to expect from adults, but she had an actual solution.  She had read about it in one of her dad's old school books.  The books had been saved by her mom.  They were one of the many ways she remembered him by.
"Your dad was a brilliant man," her mom once told her.  "He was one of the hundred--out of the millions of applicants on all of Earth--who was accepted into the ISS's space engineering program."
The texts had been hard to read.  Most of the time, Shiranna had found them outright confusing, but she had kept at it.  It was one of the few ways she had felt like she could connect with her father.  And now that relationship, which had never been anything more than a dream, was going to save her.  It had to.  She hugged Mrs. Mosby, and then she turned towards the captain.
"We need to turn this ship into a giant solenoid," Shiranna said.  All of the adults looked at her like she was mad.  Most of them had no idea what a solenoid was or if it was even a real word.
"What is she talking about," Mrs. Mosby asked.  The captain pinched his chin between his thumb and forefinger, ignoring Mrs. Mosby's question.  
Shiranna watched as the adults' attitudes towards her changed into a slight form of admiration as they realized the captain was contemplating what she had said. 
"No, it's impossible.  Even if we could reprogram the matter in the circuit panels and turn this ship into an amplified radio wave transmitter, it would take a genius to return the circuit panels back to normal.  We would become sitting ducks, drifting helplessly out into outer space.  By the time the space station received our signal and sent a rescue party, we would be nowhere in sight."
"We don't need a genius," Shiranna said.  "We just need Cheeky."  The captain furrowed his brow as Shiranna grabbed Cheeky and held him out in front of her.
"What's a Cheeky?" the captain asked, staring at the little owl-featured robot.
"He's a personalized artificially intelligent robot," Shiranna said.  Her heart filled with pride.  The captain poked Cheeky in his belly.  Shiranna thought she saw a spark of wonder in his eyes.
"Robot," the captain said, "can you download the blueprints to this shuttle and store them inside your mainframe?"
"It Would Be Redundant To Do So," Cheeky said.  "Cheeky Downloaded The Complete History Of Human Space Travel Including The Blueprints To Every Machine Ever Sent Into Earth's Orbit Before Boarding This Shuttle."
"I got to get me one of these," one of the other adults said.
"Robot," the captain continued, "if I were to triangulate our position using the nearby constellations and gave you the coordinates for the space station, could you reprogram the matter in this shuttle's circuit panels--excluding the ones used for life support and the main engine--to turn this shuttle into a giant solenoid capable of sending a signal through the solar storm's magnetic field to a specific location?"
Shiranna could barely make sense of what the captain was asking and only because turning the shuttle into an amplified radio wave transmitter was her idea.  She glanced at Adam.  He looked eager to understand what the captain was saying but also confused.  Of course, It wasn't his fault.  No one had ever bothered trying to teach him this stuff.  They would have thought he was too young.  She grabbed his hand and smiled, determined to explain everything to him later.  Perhaps she could do it while Cheeky was working on the shuttle, she mused.
"Yes," Cheeky said, "Providing That Location Is Within A Reasonable Distance Such As The Intersolar Space Station."
"Where else would we be trying to send a signal?" another adult asked.  Shiranna didn't like the tone of his voice.  The captain ignored the rhetorical question.
"And after we had sent the signal, could you return our shuttle to normal function?" the captain asked.  Shiranna thought her P.A.I.R. looked bored.  I like talking to you better too, she tried to convey to Cheeky through a telepathic connection.
"Yes," Cheeky said.  The captain looked into Shiranna's eyes.
"If this works, kid, you're going to be a hero," he said.
---
The Intersolar Space Station was coming into view.  It had been nine hours since the rescue team had found their shuttle.  Every adult was trying to shake her hand.  
She gave half of the credit to Adam.  Without him she knew she never would have found the courage to believe in herself.  Just as the captain had said, they had become heroes.  She stared out of the tow-ship's starboard window.  The space station was the most magnificent structure she had ever seen.  From space the station appeared divided into two main parts.  The first part was a giant ring, the inside of which she was certain was hollow and where all the people lived.  The second part was similar to a giant pole but tilted like the tower of Pisa.  It was the latter part which caused the first part to spin and was responsible for creating the space station's artificial gravity.  She imagined it similar to Earth's invisible axis between the North and the South Pole.
The tow-ship docked in the center of the space station, and she was directed towards its exit.  She grinned at Adam.
"Come on.  I'll race you," she said.  Adam jumped into action.  He lurched at the handrails and used them like monkey bars to race towards the hatch.
"No fair!" she said.  "You started first."  Adam pumped his fists in triumph.  He tried opening the hatch, but there was another child-lock.  His mom pulled up beside him and said, "Don't worry, honey, I'll get it."  But Adam held her off.
"Shiranna and I got this," he said.  Mrs. Mosby stepped back and waited.
"Cheeky?" Shiranna asked.  Again, the neon light shot out from Cheeky's eyes.
"This Puzzle Requires The Solver To Make The Distinction Between A Lunar And Solar Eclipse," Cheeky said.  Adam was already in the process of rearranging the six circles: two representing the Moon, two representing the Earth and two representing the Sun.
"A lunar eclipse can only happen during a full Moon when the Sun, Earth and Moon are almost perfectly aligned, and we already know that a full Moon means the Earth is between the Moon and the Sun," Adam said, solving the first puzzle.  "A solar eclipse on the other hand can only happen during a new Moon when the Sun, Earth and Moon are almost perfectly aligned, and we already know that a new Moon means the Moon is between the Earth and the Sun.  Tada!" he said.  The hatch opened.
Shiranna grabbed hold of Cheeky, squeezing him with all her might.  On the other side of the hatch was an enormous tunnel.  She knew the space station was big, but it had seemed much smaller when she had looked at it from outer space.  The tunnel before her dragged on for miles.
"It's like facing your death, but there's no light at the end," Adam said.  Mrs. Mosby placed her right hand on Shiranna's left shoulder.
"Don't be so morbid, Adam," she said.  A loud clanging noise echoed through the tunnel, and thousands of lights lit up the ceiling.  A train of T-bars, metal poles with harnesses attached at their bottoms, became visible.  They were lined up like a chairlift at a ski resort.  The captain snuck up behind them.
"Since you two are responsible for saving the shuttle, I think it's only fair that you be the first to enter the living quarters of the space station," the captain said.  Shiranna wasn't quite sure she liked the huge grin on the captain's face, and she was certain she did not want to be the first person swallowed whole by the tunnel.
"It's OK," she said.  "Other people can go first."
"Nonsense," the captain said.  "I bet there are hundreds of people on the other side of this tunnel who can't wait to meet the little girl who saved our lives."  The captain grabbed her and pulled her towards the closest T-bar.  He began strapping her into the harness.  Little girl? I am eleven years old.  I'll show him.  Strapped in, Shiranna grabbed hold of the T-bar with renewed confidence.
"You ready, Cheeky?" she asked.  The captain was just finishing strapping in Cheeky beside her.
"Cheeky Is Always Ready," Cheeky said.
"That's the spirit," the captain said.  He stepped away from the T-bar.  "Miss, whenever you're ready."  Shiranna firmed her grip.  She looked at Adam.
"I'll be waiting for you on the other side," she said.  Adam straightened his posture.
"I'm right behind you," he said.
"OK," Shiranna said.  She had meant the "OK" to be a reply to Adam, but the captain had interpreted it as her implying that she was ready to go.  He clicked the launch button, and she was whisked down the tunnel.  Startled, she screamed.  But she was moving so fast, she didn't think Adam or his mother heard her.  The air tugged at her cheeks.
"O-OH... M-MY... G-GOSH..." She said, having to close her eyes because the force was so strong.  She thought she heard Cheeky say something, but it sounded all jumbled.
OW! A lock of her hair had become caught in one of the straps on the harness.  She didn't feel like she could do anything about it, however.  Everything was moving too fast.  A noise that sounded like air leaking from a tire roared from above her.  The T-bar was slowing down.  She opened her eyes.  They were near the end of the tunnel, and there was a man in an orange and white jumpsuit waiting.  He caught her T-bar as it arrived and began helping her out of the harness.
"Are you Shiranna?" he asked.  Shiranna made sure Cheeky was unfastened before she answered.
"I am," she said.
"That was an amazing thing you did back there.  I'm sure your parents are real proud," he said.
One of them, anyway... Shiranna thought.  She was getting a little tired of all the attention.  At first it had been nice, but it was starting to feel excessive.  The man pointed her towards another hatch.  This one had no lock, but she didn't open it.  If the captain was right and there were hundreds of people waiting to welcome her on the other side, she wanted Adam to be with her.  Still, she placed her hand on the wheel.  It looked like a wheel from a pirate ship, except for being half the size and made of steel.  Her hand grew cold. 
"WOOooHOOoo!"  Turning around and letting go of the wheel, Shiranna laughed.  It was Adam. 
"That was awesome!" Adam said, as the man in the orange and white jumpsuit helped him out of his harness.  His hair must not have gotten caught.
"Wasn't that awesome?" Adam asked, catching up to her and Cheeky.
"I guess so," Shiranna said.  Again, she placed her hand on the wheel.
"Ready to go inside?" she asked.  Adam looked over his shoulder, back down the tunnel.  Shiranna thought he was looking for his mom.
"OK," he said, after waiting for a moment.
Shiranna turned the wheel.  She was surprised to find the tunnel's exit opened into another tunnel--this one a slide.  Adam and Shiranna looked at the man in the orange and white jumpsuit.
"Go on, kids," he said.  "There's nothing to be afraid of."
"I'm not afraid," Shiranna said.  "Want to go together?" she asked Adam.
"Cheeky too," Adam said.  Shiranna entered the slide and lost the sensation that she was floating.  She placed Cheeky in her lap.  Adam sat down beside her.  The man in the orange and white jumpsuit grabbed the wheel behind them.
"There's artificial gravity down there.  Remember to take it easy and give your body a few minutes to readjust," he said, before closing the hatch.
"I can't wait to stand on my own two feet again," Adam said.  Shiranna smiled.  It had been two days since she had left Earth.  More than standing on her own two feet, she wanted to sleep in a bed, beneath warm fuzzy comforters.  She nodded at Adam, wrapping her arm around his shoulder.
"Let's do this," she said, pushing off the back wall.  They both squealed with delight as they gathered speed going down the slide.  At one point Shiranna was sure they were upside down, but their momentum kept them from falling.  The slide kept turning to the right and then off to the left.  It was impossible to see anything.  Beginning to feel dizzy, Shiranna closed her eyes.  It was crazy.  She had traveled from Earth all the way to the Intersolar Space Station, and now was the first time she was feeling nauseous.
"I see a light!" Adam said.  Before Shiranna could open her eyes, she tumbled with Cheeky and Adam onto a giant mat.  She stretched out on it like she was going to make a snow angel and took in a deep breath.  Counting to three, she opened her eyes.  Having prepared herself for hundreds of onlookers waiting to meet the girl who had saved the space shuttle, she was pleased to find herself in a small austere room with a single man standing by a doorway.  He was wearing a fancy suit and a black tie.
"Dad!" Adam yelled.  Cheeky rolled over to her, and they both watched Adam jump into the arms of his father.  Something about watching Adam and his father made her feel happy and sad at the same time.  She had dreamed about running and jumping into the arms of her father, but she had always known it could never happen.
"How's my little space explorer?" Adam's father asked.
"Did you hear?  We saved the space shuttle!" Adam said.
"I did, indeed," Adam's father said.  He glanced over at Shiranna.  "And you must be Shiranna, the other hero responsible for saving the day."  Shiranna blushed.  She wrapped her right arm around Cheeky.
"Cheeky deserves some credit, too," she said.  Adam's father looked at the P.A.I.R.
"Indeed, he does," he said.  He returned Adam to the floor and walked over to them, sticking out his hand.
"My name is Richard Mosby," he said.  "It is an honor to make both of your acquaintances."  Shiranna reached for his hand which shook hers in a strong grip.  She wasn't quite sure what to say, but Mr. Mosby volunteered to do the talking.
"I've heard your mother is waiting for you on Venus," he said.  "So, if you don't mind.  I would like to extend to you the offer to stay with my family until our transport ship is ready."  Shiranna liked the idea of staying close to Adam, but she remembered her aunt had already made other plans.
"I think my aunt-" she started to say but was interrupted by Mr. Mosby.
"Not to worry, I've already spoken with them and taken care of the arrangements," he said.
"Oh," Shiranna said.
"Follow me, kids.  You're going to like this."  Adam hopped over to Shiranna as she led Cheeky behind Mr. Mosby, following Adam's father out of the doorway.
Outside, she got her first glimpse of the living quarters on the space station.  It was nothing like anything she had imagined.  There were trees, flowers, birds and dogs.  Even clouds were floating in the artificial skyline.  She felt a light tap on her shoulder, then another and another.  It was raining!  Or at least, it felt like it was raining.  Tilting her chin up, she looked above her.  Sure enough, thousands of tiny droplets were sprinkling down.  Mr. Mosby pulled out an umbrella from his coat pocket and opened it over their heads.
"What is it?" Adam asked.
"It's our wet season," Mr. Mosby said.  He kneeled down so his eyes were at the same level as Adam's and Shiranna's.
"Listen up.  What I'm about to tell you, you will want to know for later," he said.  Shiranna wasn't sure how she felt about Adam's father.  He was a little too pushy for her liking, but he seemed nice.  After all he had invited her into his home, and it was clear that Adam loved him.  Maybe she was over thinking things.  This could be a good chance to see what having a dad was like.  She was intrigued by the air of mystery about him, and her aunt had always told her to look for the best in people.  Determined to give Mr. Mosby a second chance, she made sure to catch his every word.
"As you already know, on the Earth there are four seasons," Mr. Mosby said.  "What you might not know is the Earth's seasons are caused by a twenty-three-and-a-half degree tilt of the Earth's axis which, at certain times during the year, causes one hemisphere of the Earth to receive more direct sunlight than the other.  You see, as the Earth revolves around the Sun, sometimes the Northern Hemisphere will tilt directly towards the Sun and sometimes the Southern Hemisphere will tilt directly towards the sun.  Whichever hemisphere is tilting directly towards the Sun experiences a summer season while the other hemisphere experiences a winter season."
"You said at certain times," Adam said.  "Does that mean there are occasions when neither hemisphere is tilted towards the Sun?"  Mr. Mosby patted his son on the back.
"That's my boy," he said.  "Yes!  You're right.  When neither hemisphere is tilted directly towards the sun, both hemispheres receive about the same amount of sunlight and experience either an autumn or a spring season."
"So... why is it raining?" Shiranna asked, watching Cheeky get all wet as he rolled around outside the coverage of the umbrella.  Mr. Mosby smiled.
"That is what I'm about to show you," he said. 
During Mr. Mosby's lecture they had walked in front of a tall marble building.  A large banner hung above its entrance and proclaimed WELCOME TO THE AGE OF SCIENCE.  While Shiranna was trying to read it, Mr. Mosby ushered them inside.
They entered into a great hall with spiraling stairs on either side.  Dangling from the ceiling hung old models of planes, as well as one of the first lunar landers to bring back moon rocks from the dark side of the Moon.  There was also a stand with a plaque that said, "Weather balloon."  Adam, pointed at the stand, and winked at Shiranna, and muttered, "Robber Robot."
"What?" asked Shiranna.
"Come on kids" Mr. Mosby said.
Mr. Mosby led them into an adjacent room that looked similar to the space shuttle's cockpit.  Glowing buttons and switches were everywhere, and four monitors were embedded in a desk in front of them.
"Adam, Shiranna, this is my surprise for you," Mr. Mosby said.  "Here on the ISS we have created our own weather system modeled after Earth's seasons to make people feel more at home.  We have rain, snow, even hail machines to keep everything as lively as possible.  And today--if you two can solve my little puzzle--you will get to control the weather on this part of the space station!"
Adam slammed shut the front door to his parent's apartment on the space station.  Shiranna swung Cheeky up in the air and into her arms.
"That was incredible!" she said.
"I told you space was going to be awesome," Adam said.  Shiranna narrowed her eyes.  Funny, she didn't remember Adam saying anything of the sort.
"No you didn't," she said.
"Well, I was thinking it," Adam said.
"Honey, is that you?" Shiranna heard Adam's mom ask from the other side of the apartment.
"Yep, we're back," Mr. Mosby said.  A mouth-watering scent led Shiranna into the kitchen where an old man was preparing a meal.  Mrs. Mosby walked up behind her and shooed her into the dining room.
"You kids must be starving," Mrs. Mosby said.  Adam raced into the dining room ahead of his father and sat down at the table.  Up until Mrs. Mosby had mentioned it, Shiranna hadn't realized how hungry she was.  She hadn't eaten anything since they were picked up by the tow-ship.  Her stomach growled.  "Quiet, you," she said, sitting down next to Adam.
"Who are you talking to?" Adam asked.
"No one," Shiranna said.  Adam made a funny face, raising one eyebrow and squinting the other while puckering his lips like a goldfish.  Shiranna laughed.  Mr. and Mrs. Mosby sat down at opposite ends of the table, and the cook brought in the food.  There were three platters.  The first was fish, rolled flounder stuffed with spinach and avocado held together by melted cheese and topped with lemon zest.  Next, there was pan-fried asparagus doused in olive oil and sprinkled with ground black pepper.  And last, a generous amount of red-skinned mashed potatoes mixed with chives, butter, and skim milk.  It all looked so delicious that Shiranna had to restrain herself from digging in until everyone was served.
"Where’s the big wooden serving spoon for the mashed potatoes?" asked Mrs. Mosby.
"It is mysteriously missing, along with a rolling pin and an egg beater," said Mr. Garrison the cook, "along with my right sneaker. I always make my best meals in my lucky sneakers. It helps to be nimble in the kitchen," doing a funny hop from one foot to the other.
"What!?" said Mr. Mosby, in mock outrage, "Maybe the famous ‘Robber Robot’ has stolen them?" Then turning to Shiranna, Mr. Mosby confides, "Weird things have gone missing lately from the space station, and some folks with active imaginations have conjured up a mythical folk hero, the Robber Robot."
"Can I have pizza?" Adam asked, as the food was placed on the table.  His dad scowled at him, and he rolled his eyes in response.
"Eat up now," Mrs. Mosby said.  "You two have a big day ahead of you tomorrow."
"What's happening tomorrow?" Adam asked.  Shiranna was too busy eating to care.  Each mouthful was a savory delight.  Cheeky looked up at her from the floor where she had set him down after entering the room.
"You want some fish?" she whispered.  Neon light again shooting from his eyes, Cheeky examined the morsel on her fork.
"22 Calories, 0.6 Grams Of Protein-" Shiranna pressed her free hand against Cheeky's mouth.
"Shh," Shiranna said, giggling.  Mrs. Mosby was answering Adam's question, and Shiranna didn't want Cheeky to appear rude.
"A dinner is being held in Shiranna's and your honor," Mrs. Mosby said.  "Some of the most powerful people on the space station are going to be there."
"It's a good thing, too," Mr. Mosby said.  "This is just the kind of publicity our party needs.  The election is only two months away, you know."
"No politics at the dinner table, honey," Mrs. Mosby said.  Mr. Mosby looked at Adam and winked.  Shiranna felt out of the loop as if there was something going on that she didn't quite understand.
"What election?" Shiranna asked, finishing up her last bite.  Mrs. Mosby got up and grabbed her dinner plate.
"Adam, would you get the glasses for me, sweetie," she asked.  Adam was more than happy to oblige.  Mr. Mosby got up from the table and leaned his head down to Shiranna's ear.
"I'll tell you about it, tomorrow," he whispered.  Shiranna got up, grabbed the silverware, and followed Adam into the kitchen.
"I'll take care of the rest," Mr. Mosby said, joining them and taking charge of the sink.  "Sweetheart, would you like to show the kids to their rooms?" 
"Sure.  This way kids."  Mrs. Mosby led Adam and Shiranna up a small stairway, showing them each to their own bedroom.  Using his thrusters, Cheeky flew into Shiranna's bedroom and crash-landed on the comforter, which covered Shiranna's bed.
"I'll come knock on your door in the morning," Mrs. Mosby said, closing the door to Shiranna's room as she left.  Shiranna jumped beneath the covers, snuggling up next to Cheeky.  Her eyelids felt heavy.  Closing them, it did not take long for her to enter into a deep and peaceful slumber.
When she awoke the next morning, Shiranna felt ready to take on the universe.  She had an entire week before her transport left for Venus, and she wanted to use it doing as many different things as possible.  After all, she would be in hibernation for almost the entire trip to Venus.  Adam, too, looked excited and ready to explore.  At breakfast he couldn't keep his legs from shaking.  His mom blamed it on the coffee his dad had given him, but his dad said he had to learn to drink it sometime and it might as well be sooner rather than later. 
Much to Shiranna's disappointment, however, she and Adam spent most of the day shaking hands with friends of Mr. Mosby.  He paraded them around everywhere: country clubs, small businesses, TV stations, the hydroponic farm, the fish farm, and even a small "zoo." 
However, they were always stopping to take pictures. A group of ten or so men and women, with cameras and microphones, followed them everywhere. 
The zoo was kind of fun with the monkeys. A rather nice, though ancient, zookeeper, whose nameplate on her zoo uniform said Mrs. Smith, was using a long net to try to remove a jackknife from the monkey enclosure. Every time she got close to the knife, the monkeys grabbed the end of the net and tried to pull it into the enclosure, triggering a tug-a-war. Mrs. Smith finally pulled the net out, and turned to the gathering crowd. "I think we need back up," said Mrs. Smith, winking to the crowd, "I’ll just call on my walkie-talkie." She reached down to her leather utility belt, groping between pliers and a flashlight to find an empty slot on the utility belt. The smile faded from her face.
"Maybe the Robber Robot stole it," someone from the crowd called out. The crowd tittered.
"Don’t laugh," said Mrs. Smith, "Night clean up and maintenance at this zoo is actually handled by a robot crew."
When Mr. Mosby sensed that he had lost the spotlight to the comical zookeeper, he led his entourage out of the zoo and onto a bus-like transport vehicle, where she was crammed against the backs of reporters. 
She just wanted to be alone... with Adam and Cheeky.  But it was almost time for the dinner in their honor.  They were just arriving at the building where it was going to be held.  Their vehicle's doors flung open, and Shiranna grabbed Adam by the hand.  She pulled him ahead of the crowd.  Mr. Mosby started talking with the other grownups, who had been waiting on them.
"Where are we going?" Adam asked.  Shiranna pressed her forefinger against her lips and pulled Adam into a dark corner under the roof of the new building.  Cheeky rolled around a ribbed column, blocking them from the adults' views, and looked up at Shiranna.
"You want to do some real exploring?" Shiranna asked.  Adam glanced around the pillar that was hiding them and watched the adults.  They were still talking.
"What do you mean?" he asked.  Shiranna wasn't quite sure she knew what she meant.  But she knew whatever it was, it couldn't happen with all of the adults and their cameras following them everywhere.  She looked around and noticed a square vent protruding from the bottom of one of the building's walls.  It was just big enough for her and Adam to fit inside.
"Let's go in there," Shiranna said, pointing at the vent.  Adam looked at the vent and then made the same funny face he had made at the dinner table.  Shiranna grabbed his hand.
"Come on," she said, "It'll be fun."  She told Cheeky to unscrew the vent.  After Cheeky was done, the three of them crawled inside.  The corners in the ventilation tunnel were lined with clear tubing that had lit up as soon as they had entered.
"Coool," Adam said.
Shiranna leading the way, they crawled deeper into the tunnel system.  At first it sloped downward like a moving ramp.  Then, it opened into a kind-of corridor with different tunnel openings on the right and on the left.  I need to make sure to remember which way we go so we don't get lost, Shiranna thought to herself.
"Let's go this way," Shiranna said, taking the second opening on their left.  Black streaks lined the walls of the tunnel.  She noticed they were staining the green dress Mrs. Mosby had bought her for the dinner in their honor.  Oops.  She took the next right, following it down a hundred feet until she found her path obstructed by a metal pipe protruding from the wall.  Deciding there was no way around it, she took another opening on her left.  The farther inside they went, the bigger the black streaks on the walls became.  She noticed her hands starting to feel slippery.  Maybe the black stuff was grease.
"Man, they really should clean out these tunnels," Adam said.  Shiranna looked back and saw Adam struggling to take off his coat.  He was sweating.  Adam put the coat on top of Cheeky.  It covered his entire body. 
"You mind carrying that Cheeky?" Adam asked.
"Changing To Thermal Vision," Cheeky said.
"Thanks," Adam said, marking his initials AM in the grease before following Shiranna who had taken another right. 
The tunnel started to expand.  Shiranna noticed rubber circular tubes on the ceiling.  They looked like they were covering faucets.  Interesting, Shiranna thought, taking another right past the dirtiest stretch of tunnel yet.  Apart from the tubing lining the corners of the walls, the entire corridor was stained black with grease.  After crawling twenty more feet, they arrived at another opening again on their right that was steep enough to slide down.  Shiranna went first, followed by Adam and then Cheeky.
"I wonder if there are rats in outer space," Adam said, following Shiranna left into yet another tunnel.  A loud beeping noise echoed through the tunnel and the light emanating from the tubing turned red.
"What's that all about?" Adam asked.  As if answering him, water started spraying out of the circular rubber tubes.  Adam put his hands over his head.  His hair and clothes were getting soaked.  Shiranna stared at the puddles of water forming inside the tunnels.  They were turning black, washing the grease off the walls.  The ventilation system was cleaning itself.  Shiranna watched the puddles absorb into one another.  They were becoming larger.  She looked again at the tubing along the tunnel's walls.  She touched it.
"It's water proof," she said.  A terrifying revelation came to her.
"Adam!" she screamed, "we have to get out of here! NOW!"
Water started pouring down from the ceiling.  Some of the grease splattered, getting into Adam's eyes.
"I can't," he said.  "I can't see!"
"Grab hold of your coat on top of Cheeky!" Shiranna said.  "Cheeky, get us out of here or we're going to drown!"
"OVER HERE!  I FOUND THEM!" Shiranna heard a man yell as she stumbled out of the ventilation system.  Her hair and clothes were drenched and stained with grease.  The man helped her to her feet and asked her if she was alright.  She didn't answer.  She felt alright, but she knew she had ruined the Mosby's dinner plans: Adam had been temporarily blinded, the clothes they were wearing needed to be washed, and Cheeky... well Cheeky was fine.  His fur already looked clean and dry.  But there was no way for her and Adam to attend the dinner hosted in their honor.  Shiranna watched Mrs. Mosby race to Adam, hugging him and kissing him on both cheeks.  Adam blushed and pushed her away.  A small crowd was developing.  Adam took off his shirt and started wringing the water out of it.  Mrs. Mosby walked over to her and hugged her.  Though Shiranna hugged her back, she thought Mrs. Mosby was overreacting.
"You poor thing," Mrs. Mosby said.
"Sorry about your dinner plans," Shiranna said.  Mrs. Mosby's eyes welled up.  She looked ready to cry.
"No.  No.  Don't worry about that.  It was more of a publicity stunt anyway," she said.
Mrs. Mosby led her to their vehicle, taking a towel offered by one of the paparazzi and wrapping it around Shiranna's shoulders.  Cheeky stayed with her, but Adam was taken aside.  Twenty minutes later, she was sipping from a cup of hot chocolate, wrapped in a warm blanket and in front of an electric fireplace.  Mrs. Mosby was acting strange.  She wasn't the slightest bit upset that the clothes she had bought her were ruined or that the dinner party had to be canceled.  Shiranna told her what had happened in the ventilation tunnels, and she didn't even flinch.  She just kissed her on the forehead and thanked God they were both alright.  Something was wrong.
Mrs. Mosby sat down next to her and started brushing her hair.  Her head tingled with a warm sensation.  Had she been a housecat, she would have purred.  Shiranna closed her eyes, taking a moment to enjoy the soft brush strokes straightening her locks.  Once Mrs. Mosby had finished, she turned Shiranna around and hugged her before sitting back and examining her efforts.  There was a sweet but sad smile on her face.  Tears rolled down both sides of her cheeks.
"I always wanted a daughter," she said.  Shiranna didn't know what to do.  She had never seen an adult act this way before.
"You're going to be a beautiful woman one day," Mrs. Mosby continued.  Shiranna didn't know whether to look into Mrs. Mosby's eyes or not.  It was a rare occasion for her to see an adult in a vulnerable position.  Most of the time, they would try to hide it from her.  She reached forward and wrapped her arms around Mrs. Mosby's neck, returning Mrs. Mosby's embrace.
"Is there anything I can do?" Shiranna asked.  Mrs. Mosby ran her fingers through Shiranna's hair.
"There's something I need to tell you," Mrs. Mosby said.  Shiranna pulled back.  Everything started to make sense: why she wasn't in trouble, why Adam wasn't there, and why Mrs. Mosby had been going out of her way even more so than usual to please her.  Her instincts had been right.  Something was wrong and, whatever it was, it had to do with her.  All of the terrible things that could have happened to her started racing through her mind.  Was it her aunt?  Was she sick?  Maybe it was about her trip to Venus.  Had something gone wrong?  Had the transport been canceled?  She grabbed hold of Mrs. Mosby's hands, pleading without words for Mrs. Mosby to tell her what had happened.
"There's been an accident," Mrs. Mosby said, her voice cracking.  Shiranna's heart beat faster and faster, throbbing for everyone she had ever loved.  Why can't she just say it, already.
"Something's happened on Venus," Mrs. Mosby said.  Mom!
"We don't know all the details, but we've lost communication with your mother's research unit-"
"What happened?  Is she alright?" Shiranna interrupted.  Tears were now streaming down both of Mrs. Mosby's cheeks.
"There's no way to know," Mrs. Mosby said, covering her mouth and nose with both of her hands in complete and utter horror at the words coming out of her mouth.  Shiranna felt her heart skip a beat.  First her father... now this?  Why?  Why her?
"I'm so sorry," Mrs. Mosby said, again wrapping Shiranna in her arms.  Shiranna didn't even notice.  She felt a growing lump in her throat.  She wanted to scream.  It wasn't fair.  Other kids got to have two parents.  Why didn't she?  Not only had she grown up without a father, but now odds were she didn't have a mother as well.
"There's a transport ship leaving for Venus, tomorrow," Mrs. Mosby said.  "Richard's pulled a few strings.  We are going to be on that ship.  Whatever happened, we are going to find out together.  It will be all four of us: you, me, Adam and Richard--a family."
---
Shiranna awoke the next morning feeling exhausted.  Her sleep had been restless.  All she could dream or think about was her mother.  Most of the day felt like a blur.  Mr. and Mrs. Mosby had packed her things and had them prepared to be moved onto the transport ship.  Adam had played with Cheeky while she had walked around, moping like one of the living dead.  She had refused everything Mrs. Mosby had offered her to eat.  She couldn't help it.  She had lost her appetite.  For five long years she had been looking forward to seeing her mother, waiting for the day she would be deemed old enough for space travel.  And now, now when that day had arrived, she was too late.
"Miss.  Miss!"  A foreign voice called to her.  She raised her eyes and found herself sitting in an amphitheater.
"If you plan on traveling to Venus with the others, you need to be able to pass the test.  Nobody goes to Venus without knowing its history.  I'm sorry, but those are the rules."  Shiranna tried to snap out of it.  She tried to listen to what the young lady was saying.
"...For thousands of years, Venus, the Evening Star--one of the brightest objects in the night sky--has commanded the attention of human civilization.  The Babylonians called Venus Ishtar--the personification of womanhood.  In Ancient Greece Venus was known by the name of Aphrodite--the goddess of love.  Across the Atlantic, the Maya knew Venus as Noh Ek'--the Great Star.  It is the closest planet to Earth.  In the 20th century Venus was sometimes referred to as Earth's twin because the two planets are similar in size and distance from the Sun.  However, it would take decades of terraforming before it would become habitable by humans.  Ninety-six percent of Venus's atmosphere used to be carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that drove the planet to hotter temperatures than Mercury even though Mercury is closer to the sun...."
The teacher's voice began to fade.  Shiranna was drifting off to sleep.  She closed her eyes.  When she opened them again, she was lying next to her mother in a memory.
"Please take me with you," Shiranna said.  Her mother nuzzled her like a mare nuzzles its foal. 
Then, tickling her, her mother asked, "Why?  Do you want to be a space explorer like Daddy?"  Squealing with delight, Shiranna squirmed.  She rolled over as she tried to escape.  Her mother stopped, letting her go, and got up to brush her teeth.
"No.  I just want to stay with you," Shiranna said.  Her mother looked in the mirror, baring her pearly whites.
"I want to stay with you, too," her mother said.
"Miss.  Miss!"  Shiranna awoke, startled.  The teacher put a sheet of paper on top of her desk.  After the teacher had walked away, Adam leaned over and whispered, "Venus rotates from east to west.  Good luck!"  Shiranna looked at the sheet of paper filled with multiple choice questions.
"I'm coming, mom," she said.
"SHIRANNA AND MOSBY FAMILY," the flight attendant yelled.
"That's us!" Adam said.  Adam's father grabbed their carry-ons and led the way to the entrance of the tunnel leading to the transport ship.
"You kids ready to ride the T-bars?" Mr. Mosby asked.
"I can't wait," Adam said.  The flight attendant stopped them before the doorway and pointed to Cheeky.
"What have you got there?" the flight attendant asked.  Mrs. Mosby answered for Shiranna.
"This is Cheeky.  He is a robot.  Is that a problem?" she asked.  The flight attendant creased the lines on his forehead.
"I suppose not," he said.  "As long as he doesn't require his own hibernation chamber...."
"Cheeky Is Not Fragile Like Humans," Cheeky said.  "Cheeky Is One Hundred Percent Self-Reliant."  The flight attendant scratched the side of his head and then told them to move on.  He watched Cheeky until the little robot was whisked away on Shiranna's T-bar.
At the other end of the tunnel--as her T-bar came to a halt--Shiranna regained the sensation she was floating.  It felt different this time.  The adrenaline, excitement and novelty had worn off.  She concentrated on all the blood in her body that absent gravity was rushing towards her head.  The more she focused on it the dizzier she became.  Stop it, she said to herself, convinced her body was trying to make her feel worse.  She did half of a somersault and stood on the ceiling upside down as she waited for the rest of the Mosbys to catch up.  Cheeky hovered next to her and tried to flip himself upside down as well.  However, the first few times he miscalculated and ended up spinning in circles.  Shiranna couldn't help but laugh.  When he succeeded at last, she hugged him and pulled him close.
Mr. Mosby was the last one off the T-bars.  Their luggage arrived behind him, and he proceeded to tie it all together with a ball of white string.  Once all the luggage was attached, he asked if everyone in their group was ready to board the transport ship.  Shiranna examined all their bags and suitcases.  On earth--together--the luggage would have weighed a few hundred pounds.  Here, however, it was lighter than a feather.  She could move all of the luggage at once with a single push from her forefinger.
"Amazing isn't it?" Mr. Mosby said, noticing her playing with the luggage.  "Space has really changed the way we look at things.  Back on Earth, all of our engineers and architects were restricted in their designs because they had to take weight into consideration.  But up here, the only thing that limits us is our imagination.  That's the future, you know.  In another hundred years, technology is going to be so advanced that more important than what you know will be what you can dream.  You will be able to come up with an idea, pass it on to a machine, and the next thing you know it will be right before your very eyes.  Yep, you and Adam are in for a real treat.  Always remember that Shiranna.  Every waking minute of your life, you'll be living in a world that previous generations could have only dreamed of being possible."
To be polite, Shiranna smiled at Mr. Mosby.  However, she was too distracted by what was going on in her personal life to be entranced by his grand vision.  What did it matter if she was getting to do what no human had done before if her parents were not there to share it with her?  Why should she be happy that she was a part of the next generation when getting there may have cost both of her parents their lives?  Adam floated beside her and grabbed Cheeky.  There was a mischievous grin on his face.
"Hey, Shiranna, want to play catch?" he asked, lifting Cheeky above his head.
"Put Cheeky down!" Shiranna said.
"Sheesh, I was only kidding," Adam said, returning Cheeky to Shiranna's arms.  Shiranna nuzzled Cheeky, holding him close.
"I'll never let anything bad happen to you," she whispered.
"Let's go kids," Mr. Mosby said, guiding the luggage through the hatch into the final corridor before the entrance to the transport ship.  Adam stayed close to Shiranna.  She knew he felt bad and was looking for a way to make up for what he did, so she let him float alongside her without complaint. 
At the entrance to the transport ship, three women were waiting.  One took their luggage and disappeared.  The other two said it was their responsibility to split them up and take them to their individual hibernation chambers.
"Can't we stay together?" Mrs. Mosby asked.
"I'm sorry," one of the women said.  "But since children are still growing, they have special needs that require a different kind of hibernation chamber.  Don't worry.  We'll take good care of them.  And as soon as we have you all hooked up into the hibernation chambers, you will be able to communicate with each other through the computer system until it places all of us in stasis for the journey."
Mrs. Mosby leaned down and wrapped her arms around Adam.  She kissed him on the cheek before asking him if he would be alright without her.  Shiranna thought Adam looked like he wanted to say no, but Adam said he would be fine.  After all, he pointed out, he would be asleep the majority of the time they were apart. 
He was so close to his parents.  Sometimes Shiranna felt like it held him back, but most of the time it made her jealous.  His family was so perfect, and his parents were always there for him.  She, on the other hand, had grown up without a father, half the time without a mother, and had spent the last five years living with her aunt who was too busy to pay her much attention because of the long hours she worked.
Mrs. Mosby released Adam and then embraced Shiranna.  "Remember, if you ever need anything, Mr. Mosby and I will take care of you," she said.  Shiranna's eyes welled up as she wrestled with conflicting emotions.  She appreciated Mrs. Mosby trying to be there for her, but she felt the implication was that her mother was already dead.  And that she was not ready to accept.  "Are you going to be OK on your own?"  Mrs. Mosby asked, brushing Shiranna's bangs off of her face.
Shiranna wanted to say yes and move on, but the truth was she felt like her entire world was collapsing beneath her feet.  She was about to embark on a journey at the end of which she would discover whether or not any members of her immediate family were still alive.  Also, embarking on such a journey meant facing her greatest fear--entering into a hibernation chamber.  She had never told anyone, but she guessed in a hibernation chamber was where her father had spent his last hours.  He had been lost in a space expedition, and based on her understanding of her father's textbooks that meant most likely something had happened to his spaceship when he wasn't even awake.  Was she willing to put herself in that kind of danger?  She knew what Cheeky would say--the risk was statistically insignificant.  But her entire life was made up of exceptions to the rule: her father being selected for the ISS space engineering program, her mother being one of the select few biochemist chosen for the colonization of Venus, her run into the magnetic storm that almost stranded her in outer space, and her stewardship of Cheeky--the first personalized artificially intelligent robot known to man.  She didn't know if she could go through with it.  She wanted to save her mom, but she didn't know if she had what it would take.  Adam placed his hand on her shoulder.
"It's your dad isn't it?" he asked.
Shiranna and Adam's hibernation chambers were facing each other on opposite walls of the same room.  Adam stayed with Shiranna while the woman plugged her in.  Rubber circles that were sticky on one side and connected to wires on the other were attached to the back of Shiranna's hands, the souls of her feet, and her forehead.  Adam asked how they felt, and she shrugged her shoulders.  They tingled a little bit but that was it.  It was the next part that scared her.  Thousands of needles shot out from the walls of the hibernation chamber.  They ran all up and down the machine and prepared to stick her in every muscle.  Her heart beat quickened, and her forehead began to sweat.  Adam looked almost as scared as she was.
"What are those for?" Adam asked, as the needles moved closer to her body.  The woman took out a syringe and stuck it into her arm.  It hurt but just for a moment.
"I'm giving you a muscle relaxer," the woman said.  "It will help with the pain."  Shiranna felt drowsy.  Her chin drooped to her chest.  The woman placed her palm on her forehead and pushed it back into the neck brace in the chamber.
"That's it," she said.  "Just stay calm and relaxed.  It will all be over in a minute."  The thousands of needles inched their way forward.
"I don't know if I can watch this," Adam said, feeling his dinner bubble up from his stomach.  Cheeky rolled around from behind Shiranna's chamber and glanced at the needles that were just about to pierce her skin.
"The Needles Will Stimulate Your Muscles During The Journey, Preventing Them From Atrophying.  The Technique Was First Used At The Turn Of The Previous Century By Alfred Mason, Renowned For His Innovations In Space Travel."
The needles pierced Shiranna's skin.  Each buried itself more than a centimeter into her muscle.  Though the drug had numbed her a little bit, the pain was still excruciating.  Her body felt on fire.  Every nerve ending had signaled at once.  She wanted to scream.  Because of the muscle relaxer, however, she could only manage a whimper.  Then, as quickly as it had come, the pain was gone.  She couldn't hold her eyelids open any longer.  The last thing she heard was the woman talking to Adam.
"Ready for your turn?" the woman asked.